foreign
[Music]
countries
it is very encouraging to see the
presence of so many people here today to
commemorate the yoga Day in South Sudan
it shows that the yoga is getting
committee all over the world
ladies and gentlemen
happy yoga day
[Applause]
actually I am privileged and honored
when I
the day for yesterday in the evening I
met the Ambassador and told me
you should come and join us in
international yoga day
I've been following
this is my first time to have interest
in yoga
a few years back
in Kenya
I have many friends in India from that
sizeable Community who are actually
doing yoga downtown Nairobi where you
could spend a lot of hours six hours
meditating coming closer to God
but I had an opportunity to have gone to
India in 2008 thanks to my friend rabi
and the rest
where I appreciate it very closely the
incredible India
and I've seen walking from
open market to Temple
how
yoga is being seen
for me yoga is not just a sport as has
been mentioned
is actually
something is friction more than a sport
has had been said by exception of the
Prime Minister when we watched the clip
this morning before coming here I
switched on my television seeing joining
the people demonstrating showing the
leadership
on how this day this International Day
in being celebrated
with
1070 countries
and as people of South Sudan
it may be something new to us
but I want to
say that assignable South Sudanese
before the war I've gone to India and
benefited in
education they are around the jupa
downtown all over South Sudan so they
are aware about
this is fun
as a friend of Indian Community in Cuba
I've seen this community growing for
nothing
especially my younger Napo when she was
approaching she was only five months old
now she's almost 10. and you can see how
the changes in this in this country so I
want to tell you that you are part of
this country
you have a lot to contribute
and yet
core represented here his Excellency
ambassador of Kenya
honorable guest ladies and gentlemen
have good morning
and please today to you
celebrate with you along with the world
a significant day of yoga
as the United Nations has acknowledged
June the 21st
to be allotted only for us to learn and
celebrate and meditate on yoga
South Sudan is the 193 member of the
United Nation find itself obligated
that celebration
and also the Ministry of Health
because this is one of the crucial
elements
the tools to bring a wholesome Nation
it is a very vision of the minister of
Health in the Republic of South Sudan to
promote health
and provide care to each citizen it's an
Endeavor and a priority long before
independence of our people as we know
for many decades this nation will strive
to be a Sovereign Nation and for its
citizen to celebrate a dignified and a
healthy
livelihood among itself and its
neighbors and in the whole globe
today we both the ancient practice of
yoga which ensures that individuals
families
members of the community society and the
whole nation
can join our institutions that can help
to be able to maintain and develop a
healthy existence by practicing yoga and
more so in our various beliefs
as Christians
we always decide to reach out to the
almighty God
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm coming
up
[Music]
as vertical as possible
the hips
the source of the field services and
aboard the patterns to race between them
[Music]
should be touching each other
now raise your hands on the knees
keeping your spine and hitting benefits
this afternoon the function of digestion
and innocence memory power
[Music]